OSDOCS#4348: Installing an IBM Cloud VPC cluster in restricted env (#55526)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-initializing-manual.adoc

.. If network restrictions limit the use of public endpoints to access the required {ibm-cloud-name} services, add the `serviceEndpoints` stanza to `platform.ibmcloud` to specify an alternate service endpoint.
+
[NOTE]
====
You can specify only one alternate service endpoint for each service.
====
+
.Example of using alternate services endpoints
[source,yaml]
----
# ...
serviceEndpoints:
  - name: IAM
    url: <iam_alternate_endpoint_url>
  - name: VPC
    url: <vpc_alternate_endpoint_url>
  - name: ResourceController
    url: <resource_controller_alternate_endpoint_url>
  - name: ResourceManager
    url: <resource_manager_alternate_endpoint_url>
  - name: DNSServices
    url: <dns_services_alternate_endpoint_url>
  - name: COS
    url: <cos_alternate_endpoint_url>
  - name: GlobalSearch
    url: <global_search_alternate_endpoint_url>
  - name: GlobalTagging
    url: <global_tagging_alternate_endpoint_url>
# ...
----
.. Optional: Set the publishing strategy to `Internal`:
+
[source,yaml]
----
publish: Internal
----
+
By setting this option, you create an internal Ingress Controller and a private load balancer.
+
[NOTE]
====

> If you choose to leave the default value of `External`, your network must be able to access the public endpoint for {ibm-cloud-name} Internet Services (CIS). CIS is not enabled for Virtual Private Endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the default value of `External`, your network must be able to access the public endpoint for {ibm-cloud-name} Internet Services (CIS). CIS is not enabled for Virtual Private Endpoints.
```
minimalism nit
